id: 1
name: Part 1

What they said was appealing.
I heard everything that they said.
I wrote down exactly what she wanted.
We listened attentively to the presentation.
Although I didn't understand a word he said.
It was as if I hadn't listened to what he said.
I really don't know where she gets her ideas from.
We couldn't make out what she was talking about.
Does she always insist when they don't give in?
Who attends classes there?
I don't know who attends classes there.
What happened?
Please tell me what happened.
Who's at the door?
I wonder whose house that is.
What did she say?
What she said surprised me.
What should they do?
What they should do is obvious to me.
I don't know what I should do.
I don't know what to do.
Pam can't decide whether she should go or stay at home.
She can't decide whether to go or stay home.
Please tell me how I can get to the bus station.
Scarlett told us where we could find it.
She told us precisely where to find it.
I'd better have a look at you.
It may not be anything serious...
but you can't be too careful.
I'm the only one...
who hasn't got it.

===
id: 2
name: Part 2

When I finish this report...
I'll have to do the accounts.
It's a job that has to be done...
but it's not a job I enjoy.
I met someone last night...
who knows you.
Would you like to join us for dinner?
She's an excellent actress.
That is to say, I think she's an excellent actress.
I also think that he's a pretty good actor, too.
Some people don't understand spoken English.
That she doesn't understand spoken English is obvious.
It's obvious that she doesn't understand spoken English.
The world is round.
Everyone knows that the world is round.
That the world is round is a fact.
It's a fact that the world is round.
However, there's a website dedicated to the flat earth.
She said, "My brother is a businessman."
"My brother," she said, "is a businessman."
"My sister's a student. She attends Harvard," he said.
"My sister's a student," he said. "She attends Harvard."
She asked, "When will you be here?"
"When will you be here?" she asked.
She said, "Watch out!"
"A man is known by the company he keeps," said Anna.
"A man is known," said Anna, "by the company he keeps."